# My-bio

Hello my name is Mark Friesen and it’s really lovely to meet all of you. Thank you guys so much for coming in and watching my video. After graduating with my Bachelors of Education with a Mathematics major, I spent eight years working with students grades 10-12 in the mathematical world where I helped them continue to evolve and teach them, and really prepare them for life in university moving into their careers. Since then, I am now employed with a company called FourthRev as a Learning Experience Designer. What I do is create these amazing, life changing experiences that combine career focused higher education with leading tech companies, tech companies that are really evolving to incorporate data analytics into their methodologies. These tech companies that we work with we combine with accredited university to create these experiences for students. I think believe of the digital transformation towards data analytics this is one of the reasons why I am extremely interested in taking this course and am taking this course because as those opportunities continue to grow for prospective students in the adult education space and as students continue to move into different realms, we want to challenge that norm. We want to propel change, positive change forward. And increasing our knowledge base and increasing our skill-set in the data analysts realm is only going to allow me specifically to create better learning experiences, more rich learning experiences, more involved learning experiences, for my students. This is why I’m taking this course with LSE and continue to challenge that norm for myself, which I will then be able to give to those students. So I’d love the opportunity to chat more with each of you as we continue to go through this course and I’d love to hear more about what data analytics and this course is doing for you in your career. Thanks so much guys!

I'd like to begin my script with a short one sentence explanation that should state who I am and what I do. This will then set the tone for the rest of the video. 
I'd like to shorten my 'story' at the beginning to speak with more brevity.
I'd like to incorporate my interest in processing large data sets and building a toolkit of analytical tools (Excel, Tableau, SQL, now Python)
